docs: create concepts/philosophy-of-uno (#1242)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/concepts/overview/philosophy-of-uno.md

# Philosophy of Uno

This document outlines the philosophy of Uno. It guides the development of past and future major architectural decisions.

## Leverage existing tools

We stand on the shoulders of giants, Microsoft's tooling is a treat to work with:

- [Edit and Continue](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/edit-and-continue)

> - [Live Visual Tree](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/inspect-xaml-properties-while-debugging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Live Visual Tree](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/inspect-xaml-properties-while-debugging).
- [XAML Hot Reload](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/xaml-hot-reload?view=vs-2019)
```

> The promise of Uno is to enable build your app with those tools and then deploy it to iOS, Android, and ultimately to the web via WebAssembly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The promise of the Uno Platform is to enable build your app with those tools and then deploy it to iOS, Android, and the web via WebAssembly. 
```

## Create rich, responsive UIs

Bland apps don't quite cut it these days. Strong support for animations, templating, and custom visual effects is a must. When phones come in all sizes and manufacturers are [gouging holes out of the screen area](https://www.cnet.com/pictures/phones-with-notches/), your app's layout had better be responsive. 

## Let views do views

> Separation of model, view and presentation keeps your code loosely coupled and easy to maintain. Features like databinding and attached properties let you write clean, elegant MVVM-style code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separation of model, view and presentation keeps your code loosely coupled and easy to maintain. Features like data binding and attached properties let you write clean, elegant MVVM-style code. 
```

## Native intercompatibility (leave an escape hatch)

> 100% code reuse is the ideal, but it should also be easy to access functionality specific to a single platform, or to incorporate native third-party libraries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
100% code reuse is the ideal, but it must also be easy to access functionality specific to a single platform, or to incorporate native third-party libraries., and the Uno Platform must make as much as possible to not stand in the way.
```
